for me is very important always a
dykon-- bergs to make extremely
desirable clothes I think that without
desire you don't have fashion fashion
cannot exist without desire so and I
understand the desire is subjective but
it's my objective every season to make
clothes it on the most desirable as
possible also become box is a sporty
brand if you like so the clothes have to
be casual and the world is really really
very very casual these days everybody
wants to be comfortable everybody wants
to dress casually because that's the
most comfortable way the most pain free
way to dress if you like I want to
maintain if possible as much elegance
with in menswear while also creating
casual and desirable clothing so for me
elegance is was very important and I
always start with that starting point
this particular season I focused very
much on motorcycle and skiing for me
both sports all about speed it seems
that our lives these days are moving
faster and faster and faster but I also
wanted to do part of the question about
the city and part of the collection
about outside the city and both sports
revolve around the use of a lot of
technology which is why there was a
video wall in this presentation because
a lot of people live online more or less
what seems that other people live online
which is a virtual tech technological
digital world which is very cold and
very unhuman and I wanted to balance
that with clothes of a very luxurious
that clothes that you wanted to touch
all about fur and leather and Kashmir
and balance that with this cold hard
digital world which is the video wall
thicken Berg's man was always very kind
of military orientated even if he was
not dressed in military clothing you
know it's a very statuesque man it's a
very masculine man Dirk himself never
felt very comfortable doing
I swear I myself have done woman's away
for more than 20 years so we put some
women's wear in the show we'll see where
it goes